OIDC: deduplicate concurrent token refresh requests within a single Quarkus instance (#55272)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc

This refresh token might also be recycled (refreshed) itself as part of this process.
As a result, the new session cookie is created, and the session is extended.

When multiple concurrent requests arrive with the same expired session, Quarkus deduplicates the refresh calls so that only one request refreshes the token and the others reuse the result.

> The `quarkus.oidc.token.refresh-token-cache-time-to-live` property controls how long the result is cached (default is 5 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `quarkus.oidc.token.refresh-token-cache-time-to-live` property controls how long a refresh token returned in the refresh token grant response is cached for (default is 5 seconds).
```

Author: done

> This is especially important for OIDC providers that issue single-use refresh tokens, where a duplicate refresh would be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be important when concurrent refresh token requests can be issued in the same OIDC session.
When OIDC providers restrict a number of times a refresh token can be used for to a single  or other limited number of uses,  the duplicate refresh token grant requests that carry the same refresh token can be rejected.
```

Keycloak does not restrict it to 1, but it is possible to restrict it, so I proposed a minor update.
I also tried to highlight it is a concurrency related concern, please tune if you'd like

Author: > Keycloak does not restrict it to 1, but it is possible to restrict it, so I proposed a minor update.
I also tried to highlight it is a concurrency related concern, please tune if you'd like

lgtm, thx

> This is especially important for OIDC providers that issue single-use refresh tokens, where a duplicate refresh would be rejected.

Reviewer: I also propose to recommend to avoid using this property, here and in Java docs, unless absolutely necessary - if no same session concurrent refresh token grant requests are expected or when it is possible to control within a custom TokenStateManager

Author: > I also propose to recommend to avoid using this property, here and in Java docs, unless absolutely necessary - if no same session concurrent refresh token grant requests are expected or when it is possible to control within a custom TokenStateManager

No problem. I've added:

```
Avoid setting this property unless concurrent refresh requests are expected and the provider restricts refresh token reuse.
```

to both guides. If you want to put it in another way, just comment on the current documentation text. Thanks

Reviewer: @michalvavrik That is fine
